added/updated docs (#80)
ubccr/xdmod-appkernels: docs/ak-reports.md

> Regular e-mail report can be set in Reports section of Appkernel tab of XDMoD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular e-mail reports can be set in Reports section of App Kernels tab of Open XDMoD
```
